Add note about shadow casting and light cull masks in 3D lights and shadows (#4925)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/3d/lights_and_shadows.rst

-  **Negative**: Light becomes subtractive instead of additive. It's sometimes useful to manually compensate some dark corners.
-  **Specular**: Affects the intensity of the specular blob in objects affected by this light. At zero, this light becomes a pure diffuse light.
-  **Bake Mode**: Sets the bake mode for the light. For more information see :ref:`doc_baked_lightmaps`

> -  **Cull Mask**: Objects that are in the selected layers below will be affected by this light. Note that even disabled objects will still cast shadows. You'll need to modify the `cast_shadow` property on the GeometryInstance itself to change this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  **Cull Mask**: Objects that are in the selected layers below will be affected by this light.
   Note that objects disabled via this cull mask will still cast shadows.
   If you don't want them to cast shadows, adjust the ``cast_shadow`` property on the
   GeometryInstance to the desired value.
```

-  **Specular**: Affects the intensity of the specular blob in objects affected by this light. At zero, this light becomes a pure diffuse light.
-  **Bake Mode**: Sets the bake mode for the light. For more information see :ref:`doc_baked_lightmaps`
-  **Cull Mask**: Objects that are in the selected layers below will be affected by this light.
   Note that objects disabled via this cull mask will still cast shadows.

>    If you don't want them to cast shadows, adjust the ``cast_shadow`` property on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you don't want disabled objects to cast shadows, adjust the ``cast_shadow`` property on the
```
